Reference for stage 3 arraybuffer-transfer (#28381)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/arraybuffer/transfer/index.md

---
title: ArrayBuffer.prototype.transfer()
slug: Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer/transfer

> page-type: javascript-instance-method
> browser-compat: javascript.builtins.ArrayBuffer.transfer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page-type: javascript-instance-method
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: javascript.builtins.ArrayBuffer.transfer
```

---

> {{JSRef}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{JSRef}} {{SeeCompatTable}}
```

> The **`transfer()`** method of {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} instances creates a new `ArrayBuffer` with the same byte content as this buffer, preserving its resizability, then detaches this buffer.

Reviewer: Ditto

```suggestion
The **`transfer()`** method of {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} instances creates a new `ArrayBuffer` with the same byte content as this buffer, then detaches this buffer.
```

Reviewer: Or

```suggestion
The **`transfer()`** method of {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} instances creates a new `ArrayBuffer` with the same byte content as this buffer then detaches this buffer. The new buffer is resizable if the original buffer was resizable.
```

Reviewer: "then detaches this buffer." IN this doc and the other one, can we link to the Array transferring section you created? If not here, down in the description - so that it is easy to find out what detaches means.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
transfer()
transfer(newByteLength)
```

### Parameters

- `newByteLength` {{optional_inline}}
  - : The {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer/byteLength", "byteLength")}} of the new `ArrayBuffer`. Defaults to the `byteLength` of this `ArrayBuffer`.

>     - If `newByteLength` is smaller than this `ArrayBuffer`'s `byteLength`, the rightmost bytes are dropped.

Reviewer: Is "rightmost" the right term? Would this be better?: (and if so roll out elsewhere)

```suggestion
    - If `newByteLength` is smaller than the `byteLength` in this `ArrayBuffer`, the "overflowing" bytes are dropped.
```

>     - If `newByteLength` is larger than this `ArrayBuffer`'s `byteLength`, the rightmost bytes are filled with zeros.

Author: ```suggestion
    - If `newByteLength` is larger than the `byteLength` of this `ArrayBuffer`, the extra bytes are filled with zeros.
```

    - If this `ArrayBuffer` is resizable, `newByteLength` must not be greater than its {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer/maxByteLength", "maxByteLength")}}.

### Return value

A new {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} object. Its contents are initialized to the contents of this `ArrayBuffer`, and extra bytes, if any, are filled with zeros. The new `ArrayBuffer` is resizable if and only if this `ArrayBuffer` is resizable, in which case its {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer/maxByteLength", "maxByteLength")}} is the same as this `ArrayBuffer`'s. The original `ArrayBuffer` is detached.

### Exceptions

- {{jsxref("RangeError")}}
  - : Thrown if this `ArrayBuffer` is resizable and `newByteLength` is greater than the {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer/maxByteLength", "maxByteLength")}} of this `ArrayBuffer`.
- {{jsxref("TypeError")}}
  - : Thrown if this `ArrayBuffer` is already detached.

## Description

> The `transfer()` method performs the same operation as the [structured clone algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm). It copies the bytes of this `ArrayBuffer` into a new `ArrayBuffer` object, then detaches this `ArrayBuffer` object.

Author: ```suggestion
The `transfer()` method performs the same operation as the [structured clone algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm). It copies the bytes of this `ArrayBuffer` into a new `ArrayBuffer` object, then detaches this `ArrayBuffer` object. See [transferring ArrayBuffers](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/ArrayBuffer#transferring_arraybuffers) for more information.
```

> `transfer()` preserves the resizability of this `ArrayBuffer`. If you want the new `ArrayBuffer` to be non-resizable, use {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer/transferToFixedLength", "transferToFixedLength()")}} instead. There's no way to make a fixed-length buffer become resizable.

Reviewer: This may be true, or it may only be true "by transfer". Even if it is true all the time, you may still prefer this because it then remains true even if one day there is a way to make a fixed level become resizable.

```suggestion
`transfer()` preserves the resizability of this `ArrayBuffer`. If you want the new `ArrayBuffer` to be non-resizable, use {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer/transferToFixedLength", "transferToFixedLength()")}} instead. There's no way to transfer a buffer that makes a fixed-length buffer become resizable.
```
